---
Project: 
Status:
tags: Resources
Deadline:
CreateTime: 2024-12-02
Connected:
---
#review
1、听什么就选什么：视听一致，边听边选，一一对应。

　　2、顺序原则：注意题目和文章的考点有先后顺序对应的关系。

　　3、解释原则：针对超纲的重要单词，如果是考点，后面会给出具体的解释。比如，03年9月份passage2，开头单词graffiti。

　　4、转折和对比原则：

　　转折典型词汇：如but，however，nevertheless，while，in fact等等。

　　对比典型词汇：如compared to，unlike，instead，in contract to等等。

　　5、因果原则：

　　听短文的时候，要特别注意那些含有因果关系的词或者概念。

　　因果原则细分原因类和结果类的表达。

　　As a result;since，due to;because of;

　　6、开头原则：开头往往考到主题词以及主题句。

　　7、结尾原则：

　　在文章到最后的时刻和问题开始读的时刻中间会有一定时间的停顿。

　　这个停顿相当重要，使得我们明确文章结束以及最后说的什么。结尾往往考文章结或者主题。

　　8、人名原则：

　　无论是不是名人，都要关注人物的身份以及地位、贡献。

　　9、强调原则：

　　(1)含义强调

　　Specially，especially，indeed，certainly，only，certainly

　　(2)解释原则：

　　Which is，thus，that is，which means

　　(3)举例强调：

　　For example，for instance，such as，illustrate

　　(4)结论强调

　　As a result，in short，in a word, in conclusion，all in all，in brief

　　(5)重复强调

　　短文中重复率很高的词或者概念往往就是该短文的主题。

　　主题题的考点会首尾呼应，也就是重复。重复率很高的词或者概念要特别注意。

　　长对话概论及做题技巧：

　　重点：通过抓住信号词来把握具体场景。

　　核心做题技巧：

　　A：人物关系：邻居?夫妻?同学?师生?同事等，能够为后面做题判断人物身份起到良好的铺垫。

　　B：动作行为：动词和动词结构往往是最重要的考察对象之一。

　　C：意见建议(suggest、should、would、could、advice、tips)

　　D：态度词：长对话往往涉及态度，观点的判断和speaker结论


## 翻译
With the development of economy and society.<font color="#c0504d"> China people structure</font> has remarkable changed, which <font color="#c00000">gradually paces to aging society</font>. <font color="#c00000">China eldly population</font> will continue to be increased, and <font color="#c0504d">population aging trend</font> will be more apparent. To deal with <font color="#c0504d">a variety of</font> challenges <font color="#c0504d">from</font> population aging, the <font color="#c0504d">nationality</font> positively <font color="#c0504d">takes a measure</font>, and <font color="#c0504d">enlarge</font> the support to eldly care. Th reform social security institution, the govermen<font color="#c0504d">t continues to increase the social security expenditure, enlarge the coverage range to social security gradually, and makes a benifit for more eldly</font>.(非谓语) The goverment encourage a variety of society team to afford service for eldly. Under the joint endeavor from the goverment and society team, eldly will life happier.

With the development of the economy and society, China’s population structure has changed significantly, gradually moving towards an aging society. The elderly population in China will continue to grow, and the trend of population aging will become more pronounced. To deal with various challenges arising from population aging, the government has taken positive measures, expanding support for elderly care. Through reforms in the social security system, the government continues to increase social security expenditure, gradually expanding the coverage of social security, benefiting more elderly people. The government encourages a variety of social organizations to provide services for the elderly. With the joint efforts of the government and social organizations, the elderly will live more happily.



A has been coincident with B
Coincidence

形容词短语
A与B同时发生

## 写背景

### Coincident with B has been A

Coincident with an enormous stockpile of information has been the development of technology,which enables the storage and delivery of more information with greater speed to more locations,which was impossible before.
伴随着信息量不断增长的是技术的发展，这些技术使得人们能够以更快的速度往更多的地方储存和发送更多的信息，这在以前是不可能的。

### 双重否定

Many people think...= Many individuals,if not most harbor the idea that...= No one can deny the fact that diligence is indispensable

## 写原因
As a nation we may be overfunding/overemphasizing
overestimating A
while
underfunding/underemphasizing/underestimating B.

Fund n.资金；v.注入资金
Over-overfund过度注资
while位于句子中的用法：句子1 while句子2
①并列连词对比“而”-转折
②引导时间状语从句-顺

As a nation we may be overemphysizing the development of economy while underemphysizing the cultivation of our traditional moral code -- for example, showing filial duty/respect/piety towards parents.



更为重要的是乐观，对于每个人来说，乐观教
会我们满怀自信地去迎接人生中每一个挫折。
Especially significant is optimism,
which, for everyone,
teaches us to respond to each
adversity with confidence.

## 写建议
Suppose we want to avoid making similar mistakes in the futures,everybody-
especially the most intelligent and powerful - would do well to set a good
example for the children and要求别人做到的自己也要做/身体力行practice
what you preach-布道：宣称。
An epigram from Oscar Wilde should be quoted here:"There is no fault
except contradiction between one's words and deeds

,言行不一contradiction between one's words and deeds


## 建议之后

### 虚拟语气
幻想式虚拟
If真实条件句：主将从现
If虚拟句：主句4选1，从句往前推

| 时态  | 条件句式                                         | 主句will             | 例句说明                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| --- | -------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 对过去 | had done                                     | Would have done    | 感情: Had it not been for your help, I would not be so prominent.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| 对现在 | did/were/If I were a boy                     | Would/Should/Could | 开篇第一句: Were it not for the thought-provoking drawing/chart above, a phenomenon/these statistics would be ignored: 句子。                                                                                                                                                 |
| 对将来 | Did/Be to do sth/将做-were to do sth/Should do | Might do           | 建议之后：If we didn't/were not to/should not comply with/conform to the measure/these measures above, = Should we not comply with the measure above a rosy future, as an aspiration-渴望 for most city dwellers, would be an impossible-to-be-realized wish in a few years. |

如果我们以后不遵守这点，sh就可能永远是个实现不了的梦想了。
Should we not comply with the measure above,

a rosy future/an environment-friendly
society,as an aspiration-渴望 for most
city dwellers,would be an impossible-
to-be-realized wish in a few years.


## 写作例子
### 开头背景
As a young people, we may be overemphysizing the process of passive learn while underemphysizing the cultivation of independent learning ability. In today's fast-paced and ever changed world, coincident with the comprehensive development of personal success has been the cultivation of independent learning ability, which was not apparent before. Independent learning empowers individuals to acquire new skills and knowledge without relying solely on formal education or external guidance. This skill is particularly signficant in the professional world, where continuous learning is essential to stay competitive and adapt to new technologies and market trends.

As a young people ,we may be overemphysizing the process of passive learn while underemphysizing the cultivation of independent learning ability.In today's fast-paced and ever changed world, coincident with the comprehensive development of personal success has been the cultivation of independent learning ability, which was not apparent before. 
....empowers individuals to .which is essential to stay competitive and adapt to new technologies and market trend.

As a young people, we may be overemphysizing the process of    while underemphysizing the cultivation of . In today's fast-paced and ever changed world, coincident with the comprehensive development of personal success has been the cultivation of .which was not apparent before. ..... empowers individuals to  .. which is essential to stay competitive and adapt to new technologies and market trend.
### 中段
For instance, a student who 1 not only 2 but also 3 ,which are valuable assets in any career. 
For me, the most significant personal growth has come from 4. Whether it was learning a 5, 6, or exploring a 7,the process/significant of 8 has been both challenging and rewarding .It has not only 9 but also 10.

For instance, a student who 1 not only 2 but also 3, which are valuable assets in any career.
For me, the most siginificant personal growth has come from 4. Whther it was learning a 5. or exploring a 7, the process of has been both challenging and rewarding. It has not only 9 but also 10

the most signinicant personal growth has come from . Whether it was or, the process of has both challenging and rewarding.
### 段尾
In conclusion. Especially significant is 0, which teaches us to. It is the cornerstone of 2 and a key factor in 3. Therefore, should we comply not with the 4, a rosy future would be an impossible-to-be-realized wish in a few years.

In conclusion. Especially significant is , which teachs us to . It is the cornerstone of 2, and key factor in success.Therefore, should we comply not with the4, a rosy future would be an-impossible-to-be-realized wish in a few years

In conclusion. Especially significant is , which teachs us to . It is the cornerstone of 2, and key factor in success. Therefore, should we comply not with ....., a rosy future world be an-impossible-to-be-realized wish in a few years.

China is rich in bamboo, and is the first courtry to exploit and utilize bamboo resources. Bamboo is extensively distributed, and diverse in variety within China. Bamboo is strong practicality, and used in many aspects of production and life, such as the making of chopsticks and tables,  and chairs, as well as the construction of briages and houses. The Chinese have a deep affection in bamboo, and since ancient time, numerous scholars have created colorful literature and paintings on the theme of bamboo. The stem of bamboo is straight, symboling integrity. Bamboo exhibit a remarkale vitality and adaptabilty, able to survive no matter how harsh the environment is, thus embodying the spirit of striving perserance.

With the development of economy and society, the structure of China's population has changed apparently, and moved to aging society gradually. The population of Chinese elder will be continued to grow, and the trend of aging population will be more apparent. To deal with the various challenges of aging population, the government has been adopting meassures positively, extending the support of eldly care.Through reforming the institution of social security, the government has continued to increase the expenditure of social security, expanding the coverage of social security gradually, which was benificial for more elderly people.


06 3

Since ancient times, the Chinese people have a deep affection for fans, now, however, the fan is not only a tool for relieving heat and cool down, but also an artwork for people to appreciate. Many fans feature elegant shape, fine workmanship, and are painted with intriate design of landscapes, flowers, birds, and figures, holding high artistic value. Many Chinese painters and caligraphers delight in inscribing poems, painting pictures on fans, showing their artistic taste.  



With the application of information technology in education, college students can now learn in more diverse and efficient ways. As young people, we may be overemphysizing the cultivation of traditional learn for students while underemphysizing the development of information technologies. In today's fast-pace and ever changed world, coincident with the comprehensive development of personal success has been the application of information technology, which is not apparent before. Application of information technology empowers individuals to acquire new skills and knowledge with outrelying on formal education. It is particularly significant in the professional world, where information technology is essential to stay competitive and adapt to new technologies.

For instance, a student who utilises to application of information technology not only has an efficient ways to learn, but also review skills and knowledge more easily ,which are valuable assets in his life. For me, the most signficant personal growth comes from the application of information technology.Whether it was taking notes, or searching a knowledge I have learnt, the process of application of information technology has been both efficient and concising.

In conclusion. Especially significant is the application of information technology, which teaches us to change some traditional educational methods and embrace the technological advances .It is the cornerstone of staying competitive and a key factor in success.Should we comply not with the development of the times, a rosy future would be an impossible-to-be-realized wish in a few years.
